c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.pdb
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\obj\Debug\WebRole1.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\obj\Debug\WebRole1.pdb
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jianlez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService1\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
